# Everything-You-Need-to-Know-About-Amazon-Reviews
Normally, sellers receive comments for approximately 5-10percent of the orders. meaning you're not as likely to get comments on Amazon compared to rival eBay. Amazon provides a whole lot of information regarding feedbacks, but browsing Amazon's seller central can be tedious. here are the basics about feedback on Amazon.  Feedback does erase the following 12 months. If you are given a negative score, then it'll be removed after one year. Amazon considers this a"present" of types, by providing vendors a new beginning. Amazon sends a request for comments fourteen days after payment- there is no opt-out. You are able to attract negative opinions - but only under specific conditions.    What influences opinions? According to Amazon, the most frequent causes of negative comments revolve around transport. Including:  Late dispatch Messy or complex yield Incorrect size or merchandise Item quality Customer Services Inaccurate feedback  Though Amazon believes its 12-month turnaround of opinions is a gift of types, many sellers do not have the luxury of allowing a negative inspection to remain that long. If it comes to opinions, the best method to take care of it is, first of all, is to block it. The most common reason why a buyer leaves negative feedback is due to a portion of the delivery procedure. It is particularly important to effectively communicate and implement this part of the internet shopping experience for the buyers. To be able to stop any confusion with your merchandise shipping process which could cause a complaint, follow these directions. Shipping vs Delivery : Ensure that you set very clear expectations concerning your shipping procedure, and how it relates to the real shipping period. If your shop page says you send in 1-2 days, make sure you clarify that usually means the thing leaves your ownership -- and heads from the mail carrier -- in 1-2 days.  Some clients might confuse this as a guarantee of if the package is going to be sent to their doorstep, and are angry when that isn't realized. You might even add the two-time frames with each other, just so clients are conscious of the entire number of times it takes until their product arrives.  In case it is logical to set appropriate expectations for bundles going through customs or some other irregular potential flaws -- take action! Photographs : Whether there aren't any details that could impact buy (either positively or negatively, like a dent or complex details which add to it), record them, and have a close-up of precisely what you're attempting to explain in the item details. Product Guide : Does the color fade? Are there some gaps between the UPC based photograph, and also the particular thing you're selling? Can you formulate a funny story to tell? These particulars matter and generate an awareness of humanity.  It becomes more difficult to leave a nasty note once you are aware that there are human beings on the other side of the sale! Inform the client of everything. The further you reveal, the greater you are able to arm yourself from buyers that are not happy with the purchase. Communication : Another system to protect against a negative review would be to respond to all customer emails within 24 hours (attempt to take for a two-hour window when possible -- that is what we do in ecomdash).  This may look like common sense, and also for most of your vendors, you already know how to do so impeccably. If a client reaches you after receiving the item, it's possible because of a concern with their purchase.  By reacting quickly and with every intention of solving the matter rather, you communicate with them their issue is yours also.  If you’ve followed these steps, and you still find yourself in a situation where you need to have negative feedback removed, then use our guide that will help you in removing the negative reviews on Amazon.
